README.md, before:

# Coffee Client
A very based 1.19.3 build with some of the best visuals currently on the market.

![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Coffee-Client&style=for-the-badge&label=Views)

## Installing
### You will need:
- Minecraft: Java Edition
- Fabric Mod Loader

### How to install - stable version
1. Get the latest release, `latest.jar`, from the `bin` directory in this repository.
2. Drag `latest.jar` into your mods folder.
3. Launch Minecraft with your Fabric launcher profile.
### How to install - dev builds
1. Get the latest dev build, `latest-dev.jar`, from the latest build action's artifacts (more info below)
2. Drag `latest-dev.jar` into your mods folder
3. Launch Minecraft with your Fabric launcher profile

## How to get a release from a dev build
1. Click the "Actions" tab
   ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/99053360/185212546-648c489e-f114-4698-9e8a-5c5edbe14a3f.png)
2. Click the latest entry
   ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/99053360/185212644-5daf090f-c23e-4433-a025-4424de822a46.png)
3. Click on the "latest-dev.jar" artifact and download it
   ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/99053360/185212721-ca33a534-d563-4290-a042-515381664a73.png)

Note that you have to be logged in to download artifacts.

## Using
The ClickGUI is **not** bound by default. To bind it, run `.bind ClickGUI` and press the desired hotkey to bind to.

To search inside of the ClickGUI, just type in the module name. The current search term will appear at the bottom right. Use `esc` to clear your search query

## Reporting bugs:
Go to the issues page and open an issue. Make sure to attach anything related. Describe the bug as precisely as possible, and attach related crash report/log files, if available.

## Making suggestions
Go to the issues page and describe the suggestion. Make sure to specify any details you consider important. If your suggestion can benefit the client, it will be added at some point.

## Contributing
Fork this repository, add your code, and make a pull request. **MAKE SURE TO TEST THE FEATURE BEFORE OPENING THE PULL REQUEST**

Commit message:

Final update, i'll cya at some point

README.md, after:

# Coffee Client
A very based 1.19.3 build with some of the best visuals currently on the market.

![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Coffee-Client&style=for-the-badge&label=Views)

## Warning
I have entirely given up on microsoft's platform, and by proxy, the game too. Updates won't happen that often, if they even happen at all.

The client partially uses outdated techniques, and some features don't work anymore. I cannot be fucked to fix them.

Use at your own risk, and do not come crying to me when shit doesn't work. Go back to meteor if you want an updated client.

## Installing
### You will need:
- Minecraft: Java Edition
- Fabric Mod Loader

### How to install - stable version
1. Get the latest release, `latest.jar`, from the `bin` directory in this repository.
2. Drag `latest.jar` into your mods folder.
3. Launch Minecraft with your Fabric launcher profile.
### How to install - dev builds
1. Get the latest dev build, `latest-dev.jar`, from the latest build action's artifacts (more info below)
2. Drag `latest-dev.jar` into your mods folder
3. Launch Minecraft with your Fabric launcher profile

## How to get a release from a dev build
1. Click the "Actions" tab
   ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/99053360/185212546-648c489e-f114-4698-9e8a-5c5edbe14a3f.png)
2. Click the latest entry
   ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/99053360/185212644-5daf090f-c23e-4433-a025-4424de822a46.png)
3. Click on the "latest-dev.jar" artifact and download it
   ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/99053360/185212721-ca33a534-d563-4290-a042-515381664a73.png)

Note that you have to be logged in to download artifacts.

## Using
The ClickGUI is **not** bound by default. To bind it, run `.bind ClickGUI` and press the desired hotkey to bind to.

To search inside of the ClickGUI, just type in the module name. The current search term will appear at the bottom right. Use `esc` to clear your search query

## Reporting bugs:
Go to the issues page and open an issue. Make sure to attach anything related. Describe the bug as precisely as possible, and attach related crash report/log files, if available.

## Making suggestions
Go to the issues page and describe the suggestion. Make sure to specify any details you consider important. If your suggestion can benefit the client, it will be added at some point.

## Contributing
Fork this repository, add your code, and make a pull request. **MAKE SURE TO TEST THE FEATURE BEFORE OPENING THE PULL REQUEST**
